FedTech is searching for Venture Fellows for our early-career program. This paid program is an entry-level position ideal for recent graduates interested in working in the early-stage deeptech venture space.
If you’re the type of person who wants to shape the future of deep technology on Earth (and beyond!), build and grow startups around breakthrough tech, and operate highly complex programs - then we should talk.
FedTech is a venture builder that thrives at the intersection of US entrepreneurship, breakthrough technologies, and mission-driven organizations. Since 2015, we have been driving forward deep tech ventures across the DoD, NASA, DoE, universities, and federal labs. Through our startup studios, accelerators, internal innovation and corporate venture programs, we work with individuals, companies, and government agencies to stay at the bleeding edge of innovation.


FedTech is hiring candidates to join our Venture Fellow Program. This early-career program will begin in the Washington DC area. The program is a unique opportunity to provide a select group of Venture Fellows an inside look into working within the deep tech venture builder space. At the end of the three month program, Fellows will have the opportunity to convert to a full-time Analyst (contingent on candidate performance during the Fellowship period).
Fellows will have the paid opportunity to work across FedTech’s venture building program portfolios. The work will include supporting program design, logistics and executing. The work will bring them in contact with inventors, investors, and entrepreneurs. We are looking for candidates able to approach problems from first principles, make data-driven decisions, and want to evolve together with FedTech.
Each fellow will be paired with a mentor who supports and assists them in meeting their personal and professional objectives. This mentor will be a leader on a separate portfolio team who will help foster the Fellow's skill development and knowledge across the entire team.

What you will do:
Execute complex work streams including technology diligence, program management, cross-program coordination, mentor programs, guest speakers, immersion experiences, and more.
Interface and support our program leads and clients - developing and sharing key metrics and narratives, and learning about the federal innovation ecosystem.
Develop, nurture, and grow relationships within our network.
Be able to absorb and communicate about complex topics in science, technology, entrepreneurship with polished business communication skills.
Build strong relationships with industry experts, entrepreneurs, subject matter experts, and key stakeholders at partner organizations.
Assist with general resource needs such as content creation and curation.
Enjoy a creative and diverse work environment, where anyone is empowered to drive our strategy for how we solve problems.
Participate in professional development activities like training, mentorship and networking. We are 100% committed to growing your skill-set.

About you:
Approximately 1-2 years of experience working in a high-tech, high-paced environment; doing so in a deep-tech field or having a technical research background is a plus.
Have a strong desire to understand the underlying principles of science and technology.
Loves building strong relationships with a diverse set of people (e.g. scientists, corporate executives, entrepreneurs, investors, government folks, etc.).
Incredible attention to detail and time management.
Loves working in a fast-paced and fluid environment.
Deeply curious, empathetic, and methodological.
Medium to expert level in Excel and other MS Office software. Must be tech-savvy.
Relentlessly biased towards action (testing, measuring, iterating).
Has a creative and rebellious streak with a desire to put your personal stamp on the company and the world.
Doesn't require much supervision while staying hyper-focused on the success of our portfolio companies. Extremely resourceful.

What we value:
Grit: To have the courage, resolve and intestinal fortitude to persevere in the face of uncertainty and failure.
Conscientiousness: Someone who exhibits the following traits: goal-oriented, efficient, organized, hard-working and reliable.
Diversity, equity, and inclusion: we recognize and actively value the equality of all people. We are always driving to reflect on, correct, and prevent the many barriers that remain for BIPOC, LGBTQ+, women, differently-abled, and many other groups/individuals.
Self-Awareness: Without honest and frequent introspection, we cannot improve ourselves.
Execution: We are biased towards action, rapid learning, reflection, and iteration.
Integrity: Our reputation is everything to us. It takes years to build, but can be destroyed overnight if our moral compass ever wavers.
People: We treat our team members as we would like to be treated.
Ownership: We take full responsibility for everything that goes wrong and share the glory when things go as intended.
Non-conformity: Because "....that's how it's always been done" is not an acceptable answer.